Subtitles by DramaFever
[Cross]
[The characters, groups, places and
situations in this drama are fictional.]
You would've become a specialist
in just a few months, why did you quit?
It didn't fit my character.
I'm different from other doctors.
I didn't become a doctor to save people.
I did it to kill, to get revenge.
- All of his organs were extracted.
- Hey, Punk! Hey!
Bring back my dad! Bring back my dad!
You must know about
the crime I committed then.
A log business. I'm talking
about organ trade, you stuffy punk.
Doctor, please save my sister.
Okay, let's go inside. Let's go.
What do I have to do to become
a doctor? I want to be a doctor like you.
Are you going to ruin your life
because of a grudge?
My life is already over anyway.
After my father passed away,
the day that In Joo died...
Why did you donate her organs
without my permission? Why?
The reason you had to rush to do the
surgery. Your motive behind adopting us.
- Kang In Kyu!
- Prison guards!
I can't forgive the man
who killed my father...
but I can't forgive you
for what you did to In Joo either.
I'm going to get my revenge
in the cruelest, most painful way.
I told you, I wanted her to keep alive,
even if it was in someone else's body.
Think about how In Joo and your father
would have wanted you to live your life.
And why you wanted
to become a doctor in the first place.
Help! There's a pregnant woman
and a child in this car!
[Episode 3]
She's pregnant with her second child.
This is my daughter.
And this child is my granddaughter.
My daughter's going to visit me today.
When she gets here,
I'll explain it to her
and tell her not to be too sad.
Excuse me! Wake up! Wake up!
Don't move! Please stay still!
Wait, don't move!
Please don't move!
- Sir, can you move your leg?
- Yes.
Then don't move, and wait
until the ambulance arrives.
Ho... Honey, are you okay?
No, don't move!
- Are you her husband?
- Yes.
- Does she have a cardiac disorder?
- No.
- What about asthma?
Please don't move and wait just a moment.
She's convulsing.
- What the heck?
- What do we do? What do we do?
Please pass me the airway.
- Are you a doctor?
- Yes.
- How's her oxygen saturation?
- It's about 80 percent.
It's not pneumothorax or hemothorax
so why is her heartbeat getting weaker?
Her blood pressure is low too.
Her jugular vein is swollen.
It's a cardiac tamponade. (Fluid buildup,
causes compression of the heart.)
Let's get her in the ambulance.
Please take care of her.
At this rate, she won't
survive for too long.
It's a cardiac tamponade.
Please give me a 16 gauge needle.
- Are you going to do that now?
- Yes.
I can't allow that.
Which hospital are you affiliated with?
Why? What's the matter?
It's regulation to go to your hospital
so that we won't be held responsible.
We're required to transfer patients
to a medical institution, not a doctor.
But we have to perform
a pericardiocentesis right away!
Is it a cardiac tamponade?
Are you certain?
Decreased blood pressure, jugular vein
enlargement, and cardiac sound reduction.
If her symptoms meet the criteria for all
of Beck's triad, it's cardiac tamponade.
And she's the daughter of Baek Gyu Sang,
who signed on to be an organ doctor.
Please head to
Sunrim Hospital right away.
I'll take responsibility for her.
You can do it on the way there, right?
You said we don't have time!
Yes, this is Go Ji In
from the transplant center
reporting a TA emergency
for a pregnant woman.
There's a lot of bleeding, and it's
suspected that it's a cardiac tamponade.
Her BP is unstable as well.
Please call C.S. and OBGY
and prepare an operating room
for us to use after the examination.
Her blood pressure is rising.
Please pass me the stethoscope.
How's the baby?
I think it's okay.
- Chief Choi.
- Yes?
Isn't my daughter here yet?
She's late, huh? I haven't
gotten a call from downstairs yet.
Please wait just a bit longer.
There's still some
time left for visiting hours.
Dad.
Congrats on getting a second grandchild.
We're always by your side, Dad.
I love you, Dad.
- What happened here?
- His arms keep swelling.
Really?
Does it hurt?
- I'll conduct a sonography.
- Okay.
This is a pregnant TA patient!
It's an emergency!
Is Doctor Yoon here?
Is there an obstetrician
at this hospital?
Doctor, what should we do
about this patient?
Oh, arrange an emergency
orthopedic surgery.
Okay, I'll do that.
- I'll try calling him again.
- Doctor Yoon is in surgery.
What do we do then? We don't
have time to transfer her.
Let's intubate her
and connect her to a ventilator.
- Are you a doctor?
- Yes.
He was at the scene of the accident.
- Which department?
- I'm a doctor of general surgery.
Did you do this yourself?
She had a cardiac tamponade,
she might have abdominal injuries
and the baby's heart is still beating,
but we can't be reassured just yet.
Let's conduct an
ultrasonic cardiogram then.
Thankfully, she doesn't seem
to have any active bleeding...
but her heart rate is still weak.
I'll look at the baby.
The baby seems to be around 32 weeks old.
Oh my, Doctor, she's bleeding!
- Give me epinephrine! Hurry!
- Okay.
- Start CPR!
Here.
We must perform a C-section. Hurry!
Dad, come to the ER.
A pregnant TA patient
has gone into cardiac arrest.
It's because the obstetrician
is in surgery right now!
Is everything else okay?
Okay, I'll call you back then.
Where is he running off to?
He's heading to the ER.
Wait, why is Center Chief
of Transplants going to the ER?
Do you think...
it's a TA patient?
A brain-death?
Who are you? I've never seen you before.
What happened?
The thing is, he was the doctor
at the scene of the accident...
Who are you to practice
in someone else's hospital?
Is that important
when the patient's life is at risk?
- If you're not medical staff, get out.
- Wait, who are you telling to get out?
He's the one that should get out.
- Get out of here!
- I told you to get out!
Get out!
Why aren't you getting him out of here?
Security!
Get this person out of here!
It's been two minutes since
she went into arrest due to TA trauma
so if she doesn't have a laparotomy
soon, both mother and child will die!
- Why aren't you getting him out of here?
- Yes, Sir.
Wait!
Like you said, she has to undergo
a laparotomy immediately.
- Can you help?
- Yes.
Let's take her upstairs.
Find an operating room for her.
Okay.
Yeon Hee, he's an external doctor.
- If a problem arises...
- I'll take responsibility...
Dad.
Shall we go inside?
[School Diploma]
[Certificate - Myungin
University Hospital]
[Jungang Card - Kang In Kyu
owes 9,650,050 won.]
It looks like he's in debt.
I'll be going then.
She's still in a weak state, but since
her heart rate is back, let's begin.
Geez, what kind of accident was she in?
- And what about the baby?
- It's still okay.
Perform a laparotomy
and take out the baby.
Me?
- I think you should do it...
- Give it a try.
I'll help you.
And tell them to prepare
the takeover contract.
Yes, Sir.
And bring as many RBC packs
as possible from the ER.
Yes, Sir.
Her blood pressure will drop
as soon as you start the laparotomy
so don't be nervous.
Scalpel.
What do I do?
First, open her womb,
and take out the baby.
But what about her liver?
It's severely injured.
We need to take out the baby
before we can operate.
Scalpel.
Her mesenteric artery
has been ripped too.
Hurry. We don't have time.
Kelly.
(Kelly Clamp, curved.)
Aren't you the organ
transplant coordinator?
I have quite a bit
of experience in surgery too.
I worked in the
operating room for a few years.
Scissors.
We need to hurry.
Her blood pressure isn't going up.
Okay, please give her norepinephrine.
Okay, I will. I got it.
Sponge forceps.
[Surgery Room]
How did it go?
Really? Both of them? Okay.
- How did it go?
- The mother and baby are both alive.
Doesn't Yeon Hee have any fear?
Anyway, what will we do about Madam?
She'll be here soon.
We need to use another method.
- What...
- Her son.
Congressman Noh has a son.
Oh, Madam.
Her blood pressure
is rising. It's rising!
I stopped her bleeding too.
Okay, great.
What are you doing? Come here.
I'm going to incise the ruptured
part of her liver, so assist me with it.
- I'm okay.
- You're going to work without a lupe?
- Yes.
- Let's see your skills.
I want to see why they call you
"Hawkeye" at Myungin University.
Forceps.
Bovie.
Cut.
Please prepare the 70.
Whoa, who is this guy? Do you
specialize in suturing wounds?
The Six Million Dollar Man
you were talking about
- is this guy right here.
- What?
He's the one that performed surgery
on an aortic rupture at the prison.
Wait, really?
The prison?
Cut.
What did you say?
Madam, your son's liver
donation is the only way.
This isn't what you said last time.
Say something.
Why are you sitting there
with your mouth shut?
Then, do you want to let
Congressman Noh die like this?
Look here.
Madam, please convince your son.
In raw liver transplants,
both the donor and the recipient
can come out of it to lead healthy lives.
I didn't think you were
like this, Chief Director Son.
Who knew you were the type to swallow
if it's sweet, and spit if it's bitter?
Does my husband look insignificant to you
because he's lying in a hospital bed?
- Madam.
- I don't need him
to demand an inspection
of Sunrim Hospital.
Whenever we received
research funds or corporate contributions
do you know how much of it
Congressman Noh took every time?
I won't go down alone, you know.
Madam. Madam! Madam!
Chief Director Son,
what do you plan on doing?
That woman...
won't be able to let go of our hands.
The more you have to hide,
the more loyal you have to be.
- Geez, how are her vitals?
- Her blood pressure and pulse are okay
but she doesn't have much liver left.
What if she suffers a hepatic failure?
That's very likely.
You said that her guardian
is at our hospital, right?
Yes, he's in the ER.
Check if she has family who can do
a raw liver transplant, just in case.
- Okay.
- Do it as soon as possible.
And put her on the transplant list too.
I will.
Good work.
Yes, thank you for your hard
work! Yes, you did a good job.
We've met before, haven't we?
I heard that you worked at
Myungin University Hospital.
Which hospital do you work at now?
I'm currently working at a prison.
Oh, a public health doctor?
I must have seen you
at Myungin University Hospital then.
I have many classmates there,
so I've gone there pretty often.
I'm surprised, because you
seem like a fellow surgeon.
Did you know that doctor
you talked to earlier?
Yeon Hee.
No, I met him for the first time today.
You seemed close though.
We're not close.
Geez, seriously! I said, I don't want to!
Then what do we do? Are you
going to let your father die?
You do it. He's your husband.
I want to do that too,
but they said that I can't!
Mom, save me just this once, okay?
I haven't even gotten married yet.
Darn it.
You know that I'm
too scared to even get a shot!
What's this then?
[In Sung, Yoo Mi]
- I love her.
- Wow, oh my goodness.
Oh my, you got a tattoo
for a girl you dated for a month
yet you can't do this for your father,
who raised you all your life?
What has Dad ever done for me?
Wh... wh... what has he done?
- That's right.
- He made you, you son of a bitch!
He raised you, fed you, and put you
to sleep, you wretched bastard!
Gosh, your brain is filled
with shit, you son of a bitch.
We paid a fortune to send you to college
and got you out of military service
because you were a little bitch!
What else does he have to do for you?
What? What? What, you son of a bitch?
[Motion Surveillance Alarm]
Team Leader.
If a family member who can do a raw liver
transplant is in jail, what do we do?
Why do you ask?
I'm just curious.
I'm not sure.
Don't you think you'd have
to contact the prison first?
Right?
Oh, excuse me! Excuse me!
Excuse me! Excuse...
- First floor. The door is closing.
- Wait! Wait!
Didn't you hear me calling you?
Hurry and get in.
The door is closing.
I guess your eyes are good,
but your ears aren't.
I have a question for you.
Hey, I said, I have a question for you!
Then go ahead. My hearing isn't that bad.
If...
Patient Baek Gyung Seo
needs a liver transplant...
would Baek Gyu Sang be able to do it?
Is her husband unable to do it?
No, it's no that.
I'm just curious about whether
or not he'd be able to come out.
If you have this much time,
shouldn't you talk to her husband first?
- I know that too.
- If you know that
then why are you here?
That's why I'm going to the
first floor right now. To the ER.
- Tell me the truth.
- About what?
How do you know the center chief?
- That again?
- You're not just acquaintances, are you?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Because I find you pathetic.
Pa... pathetic?
Wow.
If you knew who I was,
you wouldn't act so high and mighty.
Don't tell me. I'm not interested.
I'll press this emergency button.
It seems like you're busy
but we could get stuck in here.
Boom!
I'll...
- That's not what I...
- What's the matter? This is security.
Oh, I'm sorry. I pressed it by accident.
This is weird. What's going on? Wait...
Hey, wait...
Oh, excuse me! Wait...
Hey, wait! Excuse me! Hold on! Hey!
Gosh, what a jerk!
[Video Recording List]
But the thing is, with extraction,
accidents happen sometimes.
Which is a shame, considering that's
the most important part of our business.
Didn't you say you worked
at a major hospital before you came here?
- Which department?
- I specialize in surgery.
[School Diploma]
[Certificate - Myungin
University Hospital]
[VIU Ver] tvN E03 Cross
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
[Morality]
Did you look into it?
He was at the Myungin University
Hospital before he came here.
He quit in his fourth year
of residency as a surgeon.
- Why did he quit in his fourth year?
- No one knows the exact reason
but they said that he just left his
resignation letter one day and left.
Why? Did he make a mistake?
No, they said that he was really skilled.
- What about his personal life?
- I think he's troubled
because of his big debt.
Debt?
What about Yeon Jang?
I'm looking for Yeon Jang right now.
Do your best to find whatever you can.
I can't let such
high-quality talent go to waste.
Let's use him once, as a hidden card.
Okay.
What about my wife? Is she okay?
We performed a C-section
but both the mother
and the baby are still unstable.
Where are they? I need to see them.
Your wife's condition
is still too unstable
and you need to get some rest too.
But more importantly...
your wife underwent surgery
for hepatorrhexis (liver rupture)
but she's at high risk
for hepatic failure.
Hepatic failure?
Her liver function is down
so if it doesn't improve,
a liver transplant will be the only way.
Use mine. I'll donate mine.
I heard that you can live with
as little as a third of your liver
and you don't need
to have the same blood type.
That's true, but your wife
isn't stable enough to withstand
an inconsistent liver transplant, and...
you have a high liver somatic index,
so you can't donate yours.
Does your wife have a brother
or sister who can donate
- his or her liver?
- She's an only child.
What about her parents?
My mother-in-law passed away...
and my father-in-law is alive, but...
Baek Gyu Sang, who is currently
confined at Shingwang Prison...
How did you know that?
You're saying that your wife doesn't have
any family besides Baek Gyu Sang, right?
Yes.
Did you look into
Baek Gyung Seo's family?
Yes, she does have family, but...
It's fulminant hepatic failure.
(Acute liver failure.)
Hurry and find a family member
who can do a raw liver transplant.
Okay, I'll do that.
This is Doctor
Kang In Kyu's phone, right?
Yes, it is.
This is Go Ji In from Sunrim Hospital.
- What's this about?
- Didn't I ask you that?
I asked, what if Baek Gyu Sang is the
only one who can do the liver transplant?
So?
Wait, what kind of question is that?
Baek Gyung Seo
has fulminant hepatic failure
and Baek Gyu Sang is the only one
who can do the transplant.
Hello, are you listening?
He...
Wow.
What is the organ donation
procedure for prisoners?
What are you asking all of a sudden?
Prisoner Baek Gyu Sang's daughter
got into a car accident on the way there.
So?
She needs a liver transplant right away.
I'm pretty sure I already told you this.
In this place, pretend that
you don't see or know anything
and act like you're a dead rat.
Baek Gyu Sang is the only one
who can do the transplant.
That's not under
our jurisdiction. Our duties
only pertain to the confined prisoners.
If...
this was about your son,
would you say the same thing?
That would never happen
to my son. I'm hanging up.
Is... is something the matter?
No, it's nothing.
Don't forget to take your medicine, okay?
And be careful of candies
and chocolates at all times.
Those things are like
poison to your body.
Okay.
- Is his treatment over?
- Yes.
You pay six 10-minute visits a week
to your son, under the guise
of giving him treatment.
Geez.
Do you think you'd be able
to stay here if the truth got out?
I didn't come here to kill Kim Hyung Bum.
I came here to save him.
Yes, Chief Baek?
Please call Prisoner 4713,
Kim Hyung Bum, to my office.
- Please take me to Shingwang Prison.
- Sure.
This was Doctor Kang's request.
He asked me to measure
your liver somatic index.
In the last few days, did you
experience any appetite loss
a pain in the upper-right
part of your stomach
or any nausea or itchiness?
Doctor Kang has great interest...
in you.
He frequently looks at your
medical charts during his breaks too.
And it seems like he's been
going through your case files...
Doctor Kang didn't
ask you to do this, did he?
Don't you think there's
a reason why Doctor Kang
is so interested in you?
You're pretty interested too.
Am I wrong?
What are you doing here
during your time off?
Why did Prisoner Kim Hyung Bum
just come out of here?
Is it strange for a doctor
to see a patient?
It's weirder that you're
getting mad all of a sudden.
He said the pit of his stomach hurt,
so I prescribed him some medicine.
The same way you've been doing it.
4713, why aren't you
taking your medicine?
Did you ask Baek Gyu Sang?
I'm pretty sure I already
told you that it's not possible.
Then why don't you tell me
why it's not possible?
It's not under our jurisdiction.
If Baek Gyu Sang's daughter
doesn't get a transplant, she'll die.
She's in a very urgent situation!
Geez, you sure are
an entertaining person.
Doctor Kang, why did you become a doctor?
Wasn't it to get revenge?
You came here to get your revenge.
Then stay consistent!
Get your revenge or quit altogether.
If you keep acting
like that, you'll confuse me.
Because you look like a good doctor.
Kim Hyung Bum killed a man!
Baek Gyu Sang is a criminal too.
But Baek Gyu Sang's
daughter did nothing wrong.
Is there a single person in this world
who hasn't done something wrong?
She's a mother of two children.
If we leave her that way, her children
will grow up without a mother.
Chief Baek, you know what that's like.
You know how it feels to see
a child grow up without a mother.
And how hard it is for a man
to raise a child by himself.
- Wow, good job!
- Good job!
- Do a good job!
You need to protect your son.
It must follow a specific process.
A request for the prisoner's transfer
to the hospital, a doctor's diagnosis
a request for a stay of execution,
and screening by the Ministry of Justice.
We need to complete
all those steps to let him out.
We'll have to hurry.
Before the people at the
Ministry of Justice go home.
Is a diagnosis all we need?
We also need an opinion letter
from the doctor in charge.
Hello?
Talk to me.
- It's me.
- Kang In Kyu?
Please send me Baek Gyung Seo's
diagnosis and opinion letter by fax.
- What for?
- The donor is confined in prison
so I need it to apply
for a stay of execution.
Okay, I'll send it to you right away.
[Save Under New Name]
[Son]
Good thing I didn't change my number.
[Limited Access]
[Gyeonggi Province
District Attorney's Office]
Thank you, Doctor Kang.
I heard from one of the prison officers.
That you made a lot of effort.
What would you have done if I
refused to donate my liver?
I knew you'd do it.
Because you're a father.
A father who'd do anything for his child.
If I donate my kidney
can I really donate my liver
to my daughter without any problems?
Yes, I got it. Yes.
Then... have a good day. Bye.
[We buy kidneys.]
- Dad!
- Are you happy?
Of course! I wanted these so badly!
If you take care of In Joo for me,
I'll buy you a nicer pair later.
- Really?
- Really.
Geez, you little punk.
Wow.
Don't worry.
It'll all turn out well.
Thank you.
Hello?
Right now? Okay.
- Coordinator Go.
- Yes?
Go downstairs. Patient Baek Gyung Seo's
donor just passed through the gate.
- Patient Baek Gyung Seo's donor?
- That's right.
I really don't like you...
but thank you for your hard work.
I'm thankful for your efforts.
You never change, do you?
Right this way.
Okay, Grandpa...
it's this left part.
So we'll take the left part of your liver
and give it to your daughter.
But...
if we're going to do this anyway,
can't I give her this big part instead?
I don't care what happens to me.
I've already lived a long time anyway.
I understand that you want to do
everything you can for your daughter.
But, in raw transplants,
it's also important for the donor
to live a healthy life after the surgery
so we're only going
to take what's necessary.
Don't worry too much.
Both of your livers will grow back
to their usual sizes in half a year.
Then you'll both be able
to go back to your normal lives.
Then, you're saying that
my daughter will be able to live, right?
Yes, of course.
Why are you bawling your eyes out?
It's not like he died.
- In Sung.
- What?
Please give your father
a part of your liver.
What's wrong with you? Are you crazy?
If you don't, you'll father will...
die.
Buy one then. You have a lot of money.
You're the only one
who can do it right now.
Don't you remember what you told me?
You told me not to worry, and that
you'd take care of everything!
In Sung.
I won't do it.
No, I can't do it, no matter what.
Why are you doing this to me?
Oh, my, so you're that Grandpa's
granddaughter? Handshake.
Gosh, you're a shy one.
But why are you out here?
They said that we're allowed
to visit him, but Father-in-law refused.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Grandpa, your granddaughter
and son-in-law are waiting outside.
I know.
What is it? I thought
you wanted to see her.
This will be her first time
seeing her grandfather...
How can I see her when I'm in this state?
Who's that?
Your grandpa.
Byul.
Come here.
Come to your grandpa.
Is he my grandpa?
Yeah.
Give him a hug.
Geez, my baby.
Byul.
Our Byul.
I'm sorry.
In the last few days, did you
experience a loss in appetite...
a pain in the upper-right
part of your stomach
or any nausea or itchiness?
- A warm Amercano, please.
- Sure.
We meet again.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
A warm Americano, please.
Sure.
What brings you to our hospital
first thing in the morning?
- A prisoner is hospitalized here.
- Oh, I see.
- Your coffee's ready.
- Oh, thank you.
I'll see you later.
Aren't you curious...
about the pregnant TA patient's baby?
Isn't she beautiful?
Apparently, her nickname is Sky.
In hopes that she'll embrace
the world, as if she were a sky.
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't
have been able to get her out.
I wouldn't have had the courage.
Thank you.
I'm ER specialist, Son Yeon Hee.
I'm Kang In Kyu.
Yes?
Doctor Kang, where are you?
I'm at Sunrim Hospital.
Hurry over to the conference room then.
- What's the matter?
- It's the center chief's orders.
It seems like Baek Gyu Sang
was mistaken about his blood type.
He wrote down B as his blood type,
but the test says that he's an A.
- What did you say?
- It's a common mistake among elders.
They're often mistaken
about their blood types.
Okay, I got it.
I'll head over right away.
Take a seat.
As you all know...
Baek Gyu Sang and
Baek Gyung Seo's liver transplant
fell through.
Is an inconsistent liver
transplant not possible?
It's impossible,
with Baek Gyung Seo's condition.
Then, are you suggesting that we wait
until she's chosen from the waiting list
when she's in such critical condition?
No, we have to find one.
How?
A donor exchange transplant.
A donor exchange transplant is impossible
with our hospital's current manpower.
No, it's possible.
In order to operate
on four patients at once
we need two surgeons for the extractions
and two surgeons for the transplants.
We currently have Doctor Lee,
Doctor Hong, and myself.
And we can bring another doctor
on board to fill the last spot.
Who...
It's not...
Doctor Kang In Kyu.
I'll decline.
[Cross]
- Hurry!
- You might like Doctor Kang now
but who knows when he'll suddenly change?
Isn't your father around?
- I think he's a real doctor.
- Isn't it too soon?
Do you want me to
introduce you to a part-time job?
If you do it just once, you'll make
enough money to last you a lifetime.
- Can I give you something nice?
- Pardon?
I'm a doctor at Shingwang Prison,
not Sunrim Hospital.
Can't you operate on my
daughter, Doctor Kang?
We don't have a choice in this situation.
- It's past the surgery time.
- If not, we have to cancel it.
- There's still time.
- In Joo!
This is all your fault.
Subtitles by DramaFever